Adjust transient storage changelog entry (#15487)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

### 0.8.28 (unreleased)

Language Features:

>  * Transient storage value type state variables are now fully supported.

Author: ```suggestion
 * Transient storage value type state variables are now fully supported (code generation included).
```

Reviewer: Well, that's implied by "fully supported", isn't it?

If that's unclear, the blog post would probably be a better place to expand on it.

Reviewer: Though, as an aside, the wording is a bit awkward here. This would sound more natural:

```suggestion
 * Transient storage state variables of value types are now fully supported.
```
